br/com/fiap/coolshoes/controller/UserController.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.controller.UserController
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/security/JwtUserDetailService.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.security.JwtUserDetailService
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/repository/UserRepository.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.repository.UserRepository
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/UserDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.UserDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/config/EnconderConfig.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.config.EnconderConfig
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/controller/DebugController.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.controller.DebugController
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/CoolshoesApplication.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.CoolshoesApplication
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/ProductDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.ProductDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/entity/User.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.entity.User
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/service/UserService.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.service.UserService
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/UserCreateDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.UserCreateDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/controller/ProductController.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.controller.ProductController
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/entity/Product.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.entity.Product
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/service/ProductService.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.service.ProductService
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/security/JwtTokenUtil.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.security.JwtTokenUtil
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/TokenDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.TokenDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/security/JwtAuthenticationEntrypoint.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.security.JwtAuthenticationEntrypoint
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/service/ProductServiceImpl.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.service.ProductServiceImpl
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/ProductCreateUpdateDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.ProductCreateUpdateDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/ProductPriceUpdateDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.ProductPriceUpdateDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/repository/ProductRepository.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.repository.ProductRepository
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/config/SwaggerUiWebMvcConfigurer.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.config.SwaggerUiWebMvcConfigurer
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/config/JpaConfig.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.config.JpaConfig
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/dto/AuthDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.dto.AuthDTO
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/service/UserServiceImpl.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.service.UserServiceImpl
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/security/JwtRequestFilter.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.security.JwtRequestFilter
br/com/fiap/coolshoes/config/SecurityConfig.java
 br.com.fiap.coolshoes.config.SecurityConfig
